Zoom:

SDK Key: EdWWFVlRmAXRYY2yfcdUxx5wWba8RpUyLl7r
SDK Secret: zR1xYk8h3JANr1L3tnm7hIy0J30PYc7IzjCA

gmail: thehinaa@gmail.com
password: thehina_pnw

1-There is no button on the Calendar page to return to the previous page or to proceed as a submission.
5-When some fields were left blank, no error messages were issued.
17- The survey pages. (they will be sent in the email, they are not available in the application)
5-When some fields were left blank, no error messages were issued.
3-The country key should be included in the mobile number validation.
12-Email with zoom link is sent to the customer (but before payment).
13-How to create and reset admin user sign-up and sign-in credentials? (Answer: Admin can not signup, because if admin has to signup, who will approve the admin? admin can only change password.)
18-The user does not need approval but still needs control to suspend if needed.


1-There is no button on the Calendar page to return to the previous page or to proceed as a submission.(DONE)
2-The booking consultant's summary should be the same size for all consultants. (DONE)
3-The country key should be included in the mobile number validation.(DONE)							
4-The consultant IBAN should be entered on the consultant side page rather than on the registration page after the admin approves the consultant.(DONE)
5-When some fields were left blank, no error messages were issued.(DONE)							
6-The validation of IBANs should be consistent with Saudi banks.(Format to be provided by the Client)
7-Need consultant notice that admen permission is required while registering as a consultant for the first time.(DONE: Notice sent in the email)
8- Client count should be on the client page not on the consultant page.(DONE)						
9-The consultant dashboard needs an editing option.(DONE)                                                                     
10-The consultant dashboard needs consultant stats if the consultant is available or not. (NOT DONE)
11-The consultant dashboard needs the date and time intervals to be added. (NEW REQUIREMENT)
12-Email with zoom link is sent to the customer after payment. (ZOOM LINK SENT IN THE EMAIL)
13- How to create and reset admin user sign-up and sign-in credentials?. (NEW REQUIREMENT)
14-If the consultant is booked this needs to be shown on the calendar in different colors. (NOT DONE).
15- All buttons color should be purple the same as the logo. (DONE)								  
16- The primary key in the database is ID and email. (DONE)
17- The survey pages. (IN PROGRESS)													  
18-The user does not need approval but still needs control to suspend if needed. (DONE)

1- The confirmation email from The platform that contains the Zoom Link is not clear. For example, there are no time details, name of the user or consultant ، the session subject. (DONE) 
2- The platform can not create a user account. (DONE)
3- The consultation session from the client-side and from the consultant side is not working in a proper way. The consultant should be able to determine specific interval time on different days to provide the consultation service for many users, while the user should be able to determine specific time slots for the session from that interval time on the appointments page.
4- The platform can not change the session time from both sides The consult and  the user
5- The platform has No validation for the IBAN field  in the consultant profile 
6- The platform allows for a double reservation without an error message. (DONE) 
7- The survey should show after the end of the session
8- The validation of IBANs should be consistent with Saudi banks.
9- The text box name in Arabic need field validation (it accepted English letters) (DONE)
10- Need a consultant to notice that admin permission is required while registering as a consultant for the first time. 
11- The survey dashboard pages. (DONE)
12- If the consultant is booked this needs to be shown on the calendar in different colors. (The consultant states if available or not). (DONE)
13- How to create and reset admin user sign-up and sign-in credentials? 
					  